hello and welcome I'm Maria Ressa this
is your 6pm wrap a rundown of today's
top stories passenger boat MV Kim
Nirvana on its way to Cebu sinks off the
coast of ormoc city in later at least 34
are confirmed dead while at least 153
have been rescued the boat capsized
minutes after it left the ormoc fort the
Philippine Coast Guard says at least 173
people were on board log on to
rappler.com for continuing updates and L
am Padawan senior is dying of liver
cancer doctors say he has three to six
months to live and Padawan senior and
his son are on trial for the massacre of
58 people including 32 journalists in
2009 the massacre was meant to stop on
Padawans rival Ismael mangudadatu from
filing his candidacy for the 2010
elections
a second victim of a waterpark tragedy
in Taiwan dies after a fireball engulfed
around 500 people more than ninety-five
percent of victim Lucci way skin was
burnt his respiratory system was damaged
another victim who suffered from ninety
percent of burns died Monday the fire
razed the water park Saturday shortly
after multi colored cornstarch was
sprayed on the dancing crowd authorities
speculate heat from the stage lights or
cigarettes ignited the cornstarch more
than 200 suffered serious injuries what
did kid panjaa do on his first day as
acting mayor of mchottie he counted
employees who showed up for work makati
government operations ground to a halt
after mayor junjun binay suspension
order panjaa calls on all employees to
be loyal to the city government saying
quote we are not employees of one
official but of the government so we
should go to work tunisian officials
identify all 38 victims of a beach
resort massacre 30 of the victims were
from britain others from Ireland Germany
Belgium Portugal and Russia
twenty-three-year-old safidon Roeske
went on a shooting spree in Port el
kantaoui Friday jihadist group Islamic
State of Iraq and Syria or Isis claims
the gunman was a soldier of the
caliphate
that's your 6pm wrap watch our updates
daily at 12 noon and 6pm I'm Maria Ressa
remember tomorrow begins today